Introduction
---
This test project is for the "Frontend skills" assessment for MindArc. This contains solutions for the 2 given exercises. And, a bonus question to explain why the result of `('b' + 'a' + + 'a' + 'a').toLowerCase()` is `banana`.

##### Exercise 1
Build a responsive and fluid page based on the given designs or mockup.

##### Exercise 2
Add/create a tabs section (desktop) or accordion section (mobile) with the given JSON data.

Installation
---

To view the page with no JavaScript errors, please setup the files in a web server (localhost).


Exercise 1
---
When you view the `index.html` file you can see the HTML version of the mockups given:

##### Desktop
https://github.com/mindarc/frontend-assessment-magento/blob/master/exercise1-desktop.png

##### Mobile
https://github.com/mindarc/frontend-assessment-magento/blob/master/exercise1-mobile.png


The styles for this page is generated by SASS through Grunt. The source files are found in `src` folder. The compiled css file is found in `assets/css` directory.

The following are the conventions used for the styling:
- kebab-case casing
- [BEM](https://medium.com/@andrew_barnes/bem-and-sass-a-perfect-match-5e48d9bc3894) syntax
- Bootstrap-like layout


Exercise 2
---
Still in the `index.html` file at the bottom you can see the tabs section on desktop and accordion section on mobile. The tab names and contents are coming from the `data.json` file and are dynamically constructed. The tab and accordion functionality and animation are made possible by CSS and jQuery. 

The tab or accordion structure is dynamically constructed using [Knockout.js](https://knockoutjs.com/).

All the JavaScript files are found in `assets/js` directory.


Bonus Point
---
Explain why the result of `('b' + 'a' + + 'a' + 'a').toLowerCase()` is `banana`.

- There are only two parts in the expression above - the string concatenation `('b' + 'a' + + 'a' + 'a')` and the transformation of the string to lower case `toLowerCase()`
- The operators and the operands in concatenation part of the expression are all normal except for this part `+ + 'a'`. The second plus operator is understood by the compiler as a unary plus operator that forces the compiler to cast `'a'` as a number which is not possible as it is a string, thus returning `NaN`.
- So the expression will be converted to this `('b' + 'a' + NaN + 'a').toLowerCase()`
- And when the concatenation operation is performed, it will return the string `banana`
